0.  How many different colors does each format support?

    BMP - the size of bits often varies but the most common is 24 bits, or more than 16 million colors (at 24 bits)
    GIF - stores 8 bits per pixel, represents 256 colors
    JPEG - store 8 bits per pixel, stores 16 million collors
    PNG

1.  Which of the formats supports animation? - GIF
2.  What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression? - lossless == no image degradation, 
    identical image. lossy - close to identical,
    can use greater compression
3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed? - JPEG
4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system? - 
    
    First, the system modifies the filename’s first
    character in the file’s directory entry to signal that the file
    has been deleted and that the directory entry can be recycled.
    
    Second, the system moves all of the file’s FAT clusters to the hard drive’s list of free clusters. 
    The actual file data is never touched.
5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?

    Write NUL bytes (or random characters) to every address on the disk.
    There's consensus that "overwriting a disk with a few random passes" is 
    sufficient.
6.  What’s stdint.h? -  a header file that allows programmers to write more portable code by providing a set of typedefs that 
    specify exact-width integer types, together with the defined minimum and maximum allowable values for each type, using macros
7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program? - to use unsigned integers within 
    a defined ranged
8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively? - 1, 4 bytes, 4 bytes, 2 bytes
9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? 
    (Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"
    
    character "B" then character "M" in ASCII
10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize? - bfSize: size, in bytes, of the bitmap file
    biSize: number of bytes required by a given structure
11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative? - If biHeight is negative, indicating a top-down DIB, 
    biCompression must be either BI_RGB or BI_BITFIELDS. Top-down DIBs cannot be compressed.
12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?

    The biBitCount member of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure determines the number of
	bits that define each pixel and the maximum number of colors in the bitmap.
13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37? - if there is no file declared to write to, or can't find the file.
14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code? - because it is calling on a number of elements (1) that is equal to
    sizeof("BITMAP...") or the struct. You only would ever need to read that particular struct for the program.
15. TODO
16. What does fseek do - fseek moves a stream to a particular offset (location in file)
17. What is SEEK_CUR? - the current point in a given file during an fseek function
18. TODO
